the pen is not blue.it is green.the pen is green.
the fence is not brown.it is red.the fence is red.
the wall is not gray.it is green.the wall is green.
the chair is not black.it is pink.the chair is pink.
we thought the balloon was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was green.the balloon was green.
mia did not wear the jacket.she wore the scarf.mia wore the scarf.
lucy did not wear the jacket.she wore the scarf.lucy wore the scarf.
the flower is not white.it is pink.the flower is pink.
the chair is not pink.it is brown.the chair is brown.
they painted the door green .
we thought the boat was brown , but it was not brown.it was gray.the boat was gray.
the jacket is not purple.it is green.the jacket is green.
we thought the wall was blue , but it was not blue.it was red.the wall was red.
dev did not bring the black boat.he brought the banana.dev brought the banana.
the flower is not green.it is gray.the flower is gray.
mia did not order the green shirt.she ordered the jacket.mia ordered the jacket.
we thought the fence was blue , but it was not blue.it was yellow.the fence was yellow.
the pen is not brown.it is white.the pen is white.
the flower is not white.it is gray.the flower is gray.
we thought the scarf was white , but it was not white.it was pink.the scarf was pink.
raj did not pick the jacket.he picked the hat.raj picked the hat.
ivy did not pick the kite.she picked the pear.ivy picked the pear.
raj did not paint the soup.he painted the banana.raj painted the banana.
the hat is not yellow.it is pink.the hat is pink.
the boat is not pink.it is gray.the boat is gray.
we thought the chair was blue , but it was not blue.it was black.the chair was black.
mia did not wear the pear.she wore the black boat.mia wore the black boat.
we thought the boat was white , but it was not white.it was green.the boat was green.
jade did not wear the soup.she wore the green shirt.jade wore the green shirt.
we thought the kite was purple , but it was not purple.it was pink.the kite was pink.
dev did not pick the pear.he picked the black boat.dev picked the black boat.
we thought the flower was gray , but it was not gray.it was green.the flower was green.
the flower is not blue.it is yellow.the flower is yellow.
zoe did not paint the soup.she painted the hat.zoe painted the hat.
dev did not choose the green shirt.he chose the scarf.dev chose the scarf.
we thought the sock was green , but it was not green.it was pink.the sock was pink.
we thought the pen was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was white.the pen was white.
lucy did not order the peach.she ordered the hat.lucy ordered the hat.
the hat is not white.it is black.the hat is black.
jade did not bring the soup.she brought the kite.jade brought the kite.
dev did not paint the pear.he painted the jacket.dev painted the jacket.
we thought the flower was blue , but it was not blue.it was red.the flower was red.
the pen is not brown.it is red.the pen is red.
we thought the boat was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was white.the boat was white.
we thought the bowl was black , but it was not black.it was pink.the bowl was pink.
sam did not wear the scarf.he wore the peach.sam wore the peach.
we thought the scarf was brown , but it was not brown.it was yellow.the scarf was yellow.
we thought the jacket was white , but it was not white.it was yellow.the jacket was yellow.
mia did not order the pear.she ordered the jacket.mia ordered the jacket.
we thought the boat was green , but it was not green.it was red.the boat was red.
the flower is not blue.it is pink.the flower is pink.
the boat is not yellow.it is red.the boat is red.
raj did not choose the banana.he chose the pear.raj chose the pear.
ben did not bring the hat.he brought the black boat.ben brought the black boat.
ivy did not choose the banana.she chose the pear.ivy chose the pear.
zoe did not choose the scarf.she chose the soup.zoe chose the soup.
the flower is not blue.it is white.the flower is white.
the fence is not pink.it is gray.the fence is gray.
the hat is not black.it is white.the hat is white.
we thought the shirt was white , but it was not white.it was gray.the shirt was gray.
we thought the sock was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was white.the sock was white.
the bowl is not brown.it is purple.the bowl is purple.
the boat is not green.it is gray.the boat is gray.
mia did not pick the peach.she picked the pear.mia picked the pear.
the balloon is not pink.it is purple.the balloon is purple.
the balloon is not gray.it is yellow.the balloon is yellow.
ben did not paint the pear.he painted the banana.ben painted the banana.
we thought the bowl was black , but it was not black.it was yellow.the bowl was yellow.
raj did not bring the hat.he brought the kite.raj brought the kite.
we thought the hat was pink , but it was not pink.it was red.the hat was red.
lucy did not paint the green shirt.she painted the kite.lucy painted the kite.
we thought the flower was purple , but it was not purple.it was black.the flower was black.
zoe did not order the hat.she ordered the green shirt.zoe ordered the green shirt.
kai did not wear the scarf.he wore the hat.kai wore the hat.
ben did not wear the soup.he wore the kite.ben wore the kite.
kai did not wear the kite.he wore the banana.kai wore the banana.
zoe did not paint the soup.she painted the green shirt.zoe painted the green shirt.
we thought the flower was blue , but it was not blue.it was black.the flower was black.
we thought the kite was black , but it was not black.it was yellow.the kite was yellow.
the balloon is not purple.it is green.the balloon is green.
mia did not pick the green shirt.she picked the hat.mia picked the hat.
we thought the flower was pink , but it was not pink.it was green.the flower was green.
we thought the flower was purple , but it was not purple.it was brown.the flower was brown.
ben did not paint the hat.he painted the kite.ben painted the kite.
raj did not choose the pear.he chose the banana.raj chose the banana.
kai did not paint the scarf.he painted the peach.kai painted the peach.
jade did not wear the black boat.she wore the jacket.jade wore the jacket.
the pen is not yellow.it is pink.the pen is pink.
the flower is not purple.it is pink.the flower is pink.
we thought the bowl was purple , but it was not purple.it was yellow.the bowl was yellow.
we thought the kite was black , but it was not black.it was green.the kite was green.
the bowl is not purple.it is white.the bowl is white.
the wall is not black.it is pink.the wall is pink.
ivy did not pick the green shirt.she picked the pear.ivy picked the pear.
we thought the bowl was brown , but it was not brown.it was green.the bowl was green.
the wall is not gray.it is purple.the wall is purple.
the scarf is not green.it is black.the scarf is black.
the balloon is not brown.it is gray.the balloon is gray.
dev did not pick the jacket.he picked the pear.dev picked the pear.
the shop is open every sunday .
we thought the bowl was pink , but it was not pink.it was black.the bowl was black.
we thought the sock was gray , but it was not gray.it was pink.the sock was pink.
jade did not pick the peach.she picked the scarf.jade picked the scarf.
dev did not wear the scarf.he wore the kite.dev wore the kite.
we thought the sock was purple , but it was not purple.it was black.the sock was black.
jade did not paint the jacket.she painted the black boat.jade painted the black boat.
dev did not paint the soup.he painted the peach.dev painted the peach.
kai did not choose the hat.he chose the black boat.kai chose the black boat.
we thought the bowl was purple , but it was not purple.it was gray.the bowl was gray.
we thought the scarf was pink , but it was not pink.it was black.the scarf was black.
the road is wide and the gate is closed .
the scarf is not yellow.it is brown.the scarf is brown.
we thought the shirt was blue , but it was not blue.it was black.the shirt was black.
the flower is not pink.it is brown.the flower is brown.
we thought the shirt was pink , but it was not pink.it was red.the shirt was red.
jade did not paint the peach.she painted the banana.jade painted the banana.
we thought the kite was pink , but it was not pink.it was purple.the kite was purple.
kai did not wear the banana.he wore the jacket.kai wore the jacket.
raj did not paint the scarf.he painted the peach.raj painted the peach.
the sock is not pink.it is white.the sock is white.
the pen is not blue.it is gray.the pen is gray.
lucy did not wear the jacket.she wore the green shirt.lucy wore the green shirt.
the pen is not purple.it is white.the pen is white.
the balloon is not green.it is red.the balloon is red.
the flower is not black.it is yellow.the flower is yellow.
zoe did not order the banana.she ordered the peach.zoe ordered the peach.
we thought the wall was green , but it was not green.it was brown.the wall was brown.
we thought the scarf was pink , but it was not pink.it was purple.the scarf was purple.
we thought the bowl was brown , but it was not brown.it was gray.the bowl was gray.
we thought the shirt was white , but it was not white.it was red.the shirt was red.
we thought the shirt was brown , but it was not brown.it was red.the shirt was red.
the flower is not purple.it is black.the flower is black.
the boat is not gray.it is red.the boat is red.
the sock is not gray.it is pink.the sock is pink.
the wall is not white.it is gray.the wall is gray.
the bowl is not pink.it is gray.the bowl is gray.
the jacket is not yellow.it is pink.the jacket is pink.
we thought the sock was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was green.the sock was green.
we thought the bowl was blue , but it was not blue.it was red.the bowl was red.
we thought the sock was gray , but it was not gray.it was purple.the sock was purple.
mia did not bring the pear.she brought the green shirt.mia brought the green shirt.
the balloon is not blue.it is green.the balloon is green.
lucy did not paint the scarf.she painted the pear.lucy painted the pear.
mia did not bring the jacket.she brought the hat.mia brought the hat.
the balloon is not black.it is white.the balloon is white.
the shirt is not blue.it is green.the shirt is green.
the flower is not purple.it is red.the flower is red.
we thought the hat was purple , but it was not purple.it was yellow.the hat was yellow.
ben did not pick the soup.he picked the hat.ben picked the hat.
we thought the jacket was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was gray.the jacket was gray.
jade did not bring the black boat.she brought the banana.jade brought the banana.
the jacket is not green.it is gray.the jacket is gray.
the bowl is not green.it is pink.the bowl is pink.
raj did not paint the scarf.he painted the hat.raj painted the hat.
the flower is not black.it is brown.the flower is brown.
the fence is not purple.it is yellow.the fence is yellow.
the boat is not black.it is pink.the boat is pink.
the balloon is not white.it is yellow.the balloon is yellow.
the bowl is not blue.it is pink.the bowl is pink.
we thought the sock was pink , but it was not pink.it was brown.the sock was brown.
kai did not pick the kite.he picked the peach.kai picked the peach.
we thought the bowl was purple , but it was not purple.it was red.the bowl was red.
lucy did not pick the hat.she picked the banana.lucy picked the banana.
the wall is not brown.it is green.the wall is green.
we thought the kite was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was white.the kite was white.
we thought the hat was green , but it was not green.it was black.the hat was black.
the scarf is not blue.it is white.the scarf is white.
ivy did not bring the hat.she brought the soup.ivy brought the soup.
we thought the sock was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was red.the sock was red.
we thought the flower was pink , but it was not pink.it was black.the flower was black.
the sock is not blue.it is gray.the sock is gray.
zoe did not choose the scarf.she chose the jacket.zoe chose the jacket.
zoe did not choose the kite.she chose the peach.zoe chose the peach.
zoe did not order the hat.she ordered the banana.zoe ordered the banana.
the flower is not white.it is purple.the flower is purple.
we thought the bowl was gray , but it was not gray.it was purple.the bowl was purple.
the shirt is not green.it is gray.the shirt is gray.
we thought the scarf was blue , but it was not blue.it was pink.the scarf was pink.
we thought the boat was brown , but it was not brown.it was green.the boat was green.
we thought the balloon was pink , but it was not pink.it was brown.the balloon was brown.
dev did not order the hat.he ordered the kite.dev ordered the kite.
mia did not wear the kite.she wore the hat.mia wore the hat.
we thought the pen was pink , but it was not pink.it was white.the pen was white.
we thought the balloon was purple , but it was not purple.it was red.the balloon was red.
zoe did not paint the banana.she painted the pear.zoe painted the pear.
the fence is not gray.it is green.the fence is green.
dev did not choose the jacket.he chose the scarf.dev chose the scarf.
the balloon is not green.it is white.the balloon is white.
the kite is not purple.it is gray.the kite is gray.
we thought the kite was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was red.the kite was red.
we thought the hat was white , but it was not white.it was yellow.the hat was yellow.
we thought the kite was green , but it was not green.it was red.the kite was red.
dev did not wear the peach.he wore the soup.dev wore the soup.
the kite is not purple.it is brown.the kite is brown.
lucy did not paint the jacket.she painted the kite.lucy painted the kite.
mia did not paint the black boat.she painted the soup.mia painted the soup.
the flower is not purple.it is green.the flower is green.
the pen is not green.it is purple.the pen is purple.
the flower is not yellow.it is green.the flower is green.
the shop was closed that monday .
ivy did not wear the peach.she wore the green shirt.ivy wore the green shirt.
the kite is not green.it is black.the kite is black.
dev did not bring the banana.he brought the jacket.dev brought the jacket.
kai did not wear the jacket.he wore the pear.kai wore the pear.
the shirt is not gray.it is white.the shirt is white.
the flower is not green.it is white.the flower is white.
we thought the wall was black , but it was not black.it was brown.the wall was brown.
we thought the flower was black , but it was not black.it was green.the flower was green.
we thought the fence was white , but it was not white.it was yellow.the fence was yellow.
we thought the fence was gray , but it was not gray.it was red.the fence was red.
jade did not pick the soup.she picked the kite.jade picked the kite.
lucy did not choose the soup.she chose the hat.lucy chose the hat.
zoe did not wear the soup.she wore the peach.zoe wore the peach.
we thought the sock was white , but it was not white.it was brown.the sock was brown.
the sock is not blue.it is black.the sock is black.
we thought the shirt was brown , but it was not brown.it was purple.the shirt was purple.
zoe did not wear the banana.she wore the pear.zoe wore the pear.
we thought the shirt was pink , but it was not pink.it was black.the shirt was black.
the hat is not brown.it is purple.the hat is purple.
the pen was missing again .
ivy did not paint the banana.she painted the hat.ivy painted the hat.
sam did not order the banana.he ordered the pear.sam ordered the pear.
the bowl is not blue.it is red.the bowl is red.
the boat is not brown.it is pink.the boat is pink.
we thought the pen was gray , but it was not gray.it was white.the pen was white.
we thought the sock was black , but it was not black.it was gray.the sock was gray.
ben did not order the black boat.he ordered the hat.ben ordered the hat.
the kite is not gray.it is purple.the kite is purple.
we thought the kite was purple , but it was not purple.it was gray.the kite was gray.
the chair is not pink.it is white.the chair is white.
raj did not order the pear.he ordered the peach.raj ordered the peach.
we thought the balloon was blue , but it was not blue.it was white.the balloon was white.
the scarf is not brown.it is green.the scarf is green.
zoe did not wear the jacket.she wore the black boat.zoe wore the black boat.
the wall is not gray.it is black.the wall is black.
zoe did not bring the kite.she brought the pear.zoe brought the pear.
the river is wide .
zoe did not wear the scarf.she wore the banana.zoe wore the banana.
the sock is not white.it is gray.the sock is gray.
we thought the sock was purple , but it was not purple.it was white.the sock was white.
kai did not pick the banana.he picked the kite.kai picked the kite.
we thought the flower was gray , but it was not gray.it was yellow.the flower was yellow.
the pen is not black.it is green.the pen is green.
the boat is not black.it is white.the boat is white.
the bowl is not white.it is purple.the bowl is purple.
we thought the wall was blue , but it was not blue.it was yellow.the wall was yellow.
lucy did not pick the hat.she picked the soup.lucy picked the soup.
we thought the shirt was purple , but it was not purple.it was red.the shirt was red.
we thought the shirt was green , but it was not green.it was purple.the shirt was purple.
the jacket is not purple.it is brown.the jacket is brown.
we thought the wall was pink , but it was not pink.it was white.the wall was white.
the shirt is not brown.it is gray.the shirt is gray.
we thought the chair was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was red.the chair was red.
ben did not order the hat.he ordered the kite.ben ordered the kite.
the pen is not gray.it is brown.the pen is brown.
we thought the chair was black , but it was not black.it was purple.the chair was purple.
the gate stayed open all day .
the fence is not yellow.it is brown.the fence is brown.
the jacket is not blue.it is purple.the jacket is purple.
the kite is not yellow.it is green.the kite is green.
we thought the balloon was purple , but it was not purple.it was green.the balloon was green.
raj did not pick the kite.he picked the peach.raj picked the peach.
the kite is not yellow.it is purple.the kite is purple.
raj did not paint the pear.he painted the black boat.raj painted the black boat.
we thought the wall was green , but it was not green.it was purple.the wall was purple.
dev did not wear the soup.he wore the pear.dev wore the pear.
sam did not wear the banana.he wore the hat.sam wore the hat.
mia did not paint the scarf.she painted the soup.mia painted the soup.
we thought the boat was purple , but it was not purple.it was yellow.the boat was yellow.
the chair is not yellow.it is red.the chair is red.
we thought the bowl was brown , but it was not brown.it was pink.the bowl was pink.
the scarf is not white.it is red.the scarf is red.
one sock is missing .
we thought the boat was blue , but it was not blue.it was white.the boat was white.
we thought the kite was yellow , but it was not yellow.it was gray.the kite was gray.
ivy did not order the peach.she ordered the pear.ivy ordered the pear.
kai did not order the green shirt.he ordered the banana.kai ordered the banana.
we thought the balloon was pink , but it was not pink.it was green.the balloon was green.
kai did not bring the banana.he brought the peach.kai brought the peach.
the scarf is not purple.it is white.the scarf is white.
we thought the jacket was purple , but it was not purple.it was pink.the jacket was pink.
raj did not order the kite.he ordered the jacket.raj ordered the jacket.
the wall is not pink.it is red.the wall is red.
we thought the shirt was black , but it was not black.it was gray.the shirt was gray.
ivy did not paint the hat.she painted the peach.ivy painted the peach.
the chair is not white.it is brown.the chair is brown.
we thought the boat was purple , but it was not purple.it was pink.the boat was pink.
we thought the shirt was gray , but it was not gray.it was yellow.the shirt was yellow.
we thought the jacket was brown , but it was not brown.it was red.the jacket was red.
we thought the chair was green , but it was not green.it was black.the chair was black.
we thought the balloon was green , but it was not green.it was white.the balloon was white.
kai did not choose the banana.he chose the hat.kai chose the hat.
we thought the jacket was black , but it was not black.it was red.the jacket was red.
the wall is not green.it is white.the wall is white.
jade did not order the black boat.she ordered the hat.jade ordered the hat.
raj did not pick the banana.he picked the peach.raj picked the peach.
ivy did not pick the hat.she picked the kite.ivy picked the kite.
we thought the jacket was brown , but it was not brown.it was green.the jacket was green.
the kite is not gray.it is brown.the kite is brown.
ivy did not order the jacket.she ordered the kite.ivy ordered the kite.
