the basket contains the letter because the letter is inside it.
the basket contains the stone because the stone is inside it.
the school is north of the bridge.the bridge is to the south of the school.
the toy is inside the tin.the tin contains the toy.
the clock is left of the chair.the chair is to the right of the clock.
the bridge is south of the farm.the farm is to the north of the bridge.
the station is south of the school.the school is to the north of the station.
the school is south of the bridge.the bridge is to the north of the school.
the plant is left of the stool.the stool is to the right of the plant.
the picture is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the picture.
the clock is beside the table.the table is beside the clock.
the rug is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the rug.
the clock is left of the piano.the piano is to the right of the clock.
the rug is above the picture.the picture is below the rug.
the ball is inside the bowl.the bowl contains the ball.
the mirror is beside the window.the window is beside the mirror.
the sofa is left of the bench.the bench is to the right of the sofa.
the card is inside the bucket.the bucket contains the card.
the table is beside the chair.the chair is beside the table.
the clock is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the clock.
the rug is above the window.the window is below the rug.
the pocket contains the ring because the ring is inside it.
the rug is beside the fan.the fan is beside the rug.
the river is north of the market.the market is to the south of the river.
the rug is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the rug.
the chair is left of the bench.the bench is to the right of the chair.
the river is south of the hill.the hill is to the north of the river.
the bed is above the window.the window is below the bed.
the farm is south of the market.the market is to the north of the farm.
the table is left of the bed.the bed is to the right of the table.
the mirror is beside the chair.the chair is beside the mirror.
the drawer contains the ring because the ring is inside it.
the park is south of the market.the market is to the north of the park.
the mirror is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the mirror.
the park is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the park.
the rug is above the mirror.the mirror is below the rug.
the bed is beside the chair.the chair is beside the bed.
the rug is above the table.the table is below the rug.
the picture is beside the clock.the clock is beside the picture.
the bucket contains the ball because the ball is inside it.
the table is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the table.
the tin contains the key because the key is inside it.
the window is beside the table.the table is beside the window.
the rug is beside the chair.the chair is beside the rug.
the toy is inside the purse.the purse contains the toy.
the plant is left of the tent.the tent is to the right of the plant.
the shelf is above the mirror.the mirror is below the shelf.
the plant is right of the clock.the clock is to the left of the plant.
the clock is left of the bed.the bed is to the right of the clock.
the park is north of the station.the station is to the south of the park.
the shelf is above the clock.the clock is below the shelf.
the coin is inside the drawer.the drawer contains the coin.
the fan is beside the window.the window is beside the fan.
the table is right of the stool.the stool is to the left of the table.
the tent is right of the table.the table is to the left of the tent.
the station is north of the river.the river is to the south of the station.
the mirror is above the clock.the clock is below the mirror.
the purse contains the toy because the toy is inside it.
a book is beside the table .
the sofa is right of the bench.the bench is to the left of the sofa.
the coin is inside the tin.the tin contains the coin.
the mirror is above the window.the window is below the mirror.
the mirror is above the fan.the fan is below the mirror.
the mirror is above the rug.the rug is below the mirror.
the market is south of the station.the station is to the north of the market.
the bucket contains the ring because the ring is inside it.
the clock is right of the tent.the tent is to the left of the clock.
the river is south of the station.the station is to the north of the river.
the bench is right of the stool.the stool is to the left of the bench.
the chair is left of the piano.the piano is to the right of the chair.
the shelf is above the rug.the rug is below the shelf.
the pen is inside the jar.the jar contains the pen.
the fan is beside the bed.the bed is beside the fan.
the bed is left of the bench.the bench is to the right of the bed.
the pocket contains the stone because the stone is inside it.
the purse contains the coin because the coin is inside it.
the table is above the clock.the clock is below the table.
the mirror is beside the clock.the clock is beside the mirror.
the table is above the bed.the bed is below the table.
the table is above the rug.the rug is below the table.
the station is north of the market.the market is to the south of the station.
the mirror is above the picture.the picture is below the mirror.
the mirror is above the table.the table is below the mirror.
the river is south of the market.the market is to the north of the river.
the shelf is above the chair.the chair is below the shelf.
the rug is beside the picture.the picture is beside the rug.
the pen is inside the envelope.the envelope contains the pen.
the shell is inside the jar.the jar contains the shell.
the window is above the fan.the fan is below the window.
the stool is right of the plant.the plant is to the left of the stool.
the table is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the table.
the window is above the rug.the rug is below the window.
the table is above the shelf.the shelf is below the table.
the bowl contains the toy because the toy is inside it.
the bridge is north of the market.the market is to the south of the bridge.
the chair is above the rug.the rug is below the chair.
the picture is beside the rug.the rug is beside the picture.
the station is north of the park.the park is to the south of the station.
the school is south of the station.the station is to the north of the school.
the key is inside the crate.the crate contains the key.
the piano is right of the bench.the bench is to the left of the piano.
the crate contains the letter because the letter is inside it.
the station is north of the bridge.the bridge is to the south of the station.
the station is north of the school.the school is to the south of the station.
the shell is inside the bucket.the bucket contains the shell.
the river is south of the farm.the farm is to the north of the river.
the tent is right of the bench.the bench is to the left of the tent.
the shelf is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the shelf.
the fan is beside the chair.the chair is beside the fan.
the bed is beside the picture.the picture is beside the bed.
the picture is beside the chair.the chair is beside the picture.
the chair is above the mirror.the mirror is below the chair.
the purse contains the ball because the ball is inside it.
the school is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the school.
the shelf is beside the rug.the rug is beside the shelf.
the picture is above the bed.the bed is below the picture.
the picture is beside the window.the window is beside the picture.
the tent is left of the sofa.the sofa is to the right of the tent.
the chair is beside the fan.the fan is beside the chair.
the bed is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the bed.
the picture is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the picture.
the clock is above the picture.the picture is below the clock.
the table is above the fan.the fan is below the table.
the shelf is beside the window.the window is beside the shelf.
the clock is beside the bed.the bed is beside the clock.
the clock is beside the window.the window is beside the clock.
the clock is left of the plant.the plant is to the right of the clock.
the letter is inside the envelope.the envelope contains the letter.
the piano is left of the clock.the clock is to the right of the piano.
the chair is beside the table.the table is beside the chair.
the sofa is right of the table.the table is to the left of the sofa.
the tent is right of the sofa.the sofa is to the left of the tent.
the fan is beside the clock.the clock is beside the fan.
the window is above the bed.the bed is below the window.
the clock is beside the chair.the chair is beside the clock.
the lamp and the desk are new .
the bed is right of the tent.the tent is to the left of the bed.
the chair is above the clock.the clock is below the chair.
the stool is right of the chair.the chair is to the left of the stool.
the clock is above the fan.the fan is below the clock.
the piano is left of the bed.the bed is to the right of the piano.
the rug is above the fan.the fan is below the rug.
the box is beside the bench .
the stone is inside the drawer.the drawer contains the stone.
the bowl contains the ball because the ball is inside it.
the park is south of the hill.the hill is to the north of the park.
the pen is inside the crate.the crate contains the pen.
the table is right of the chair.the chair is to the left of the table.
the table is beside the bed.the bed is beside the table.
the letter is inside the tin.the tin contains the letter.
the bucket contains the toy because the toy is inside it.
the bridge is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the bridge.
the mirror is beside the rug.the rug is beside the mirror.
the sofa is right of the stool.the stool is to the left of the sofa.
the mirror is above the chair.the chair is below the mirror.
the pen is inside the pocket.the pocket contains the pen.
the tent is right of the chair.the chair is to the left of the tent.
the chair is beside the shelf.the shelf is beside the chair.
the clock is right of the plant.the plant is to the left of the clock.
the letter is inside the bucket.the bucket contains the letter.
the bed is beside the table.the table is beside the bed.
the plant is left of the chair.the chair is to the right of the plant.
the farm is south of the station.the station is to the north of the farm.
the bridge is north of the farm.the farm is to the south of the bridge.
the ball is inside the crate.the crate contains the ball.
the tent is left of the bed.the bed is to the right of the tent.
the market is south of the park.the park is to the north of the market.
the ring is inside the jar.the jar contains the ring.
the hill is north of the river.the river is to the south of the hill.
the bed is above the mirror.the mirror is below the bed.
the crate contains the shell because the shell is inside it.
the card is inside the bowl.the bowl contains the card.
the bridge is north of the river.the river is to the south of the bridge.
the picture is beside the table.the table is beside the picture.
the lamp is beside the bed .
the envelope contains the stone because the stone is inside it.
the picture is above the shelf.the shelf is below the picture.
the piano is left of the sofa.the sofa is to the right of the piano.
the fan is above the rug.the rug is below the fan.
the window is beside the picture.the picture is beside the window.
the window is beside the fan.the fan is beside the window.
the card is inside the pocket.the pocket contains the card.
the bridge is south of the station.the station is to the north of the bridge.
the table is beside the rug.the rug is beside the table.
the fan is above the chair.the chair is below the fan.
the table is beside the window.the window is beside the table.
the desk is beside the window .
the shell is inside the pocket.the pocket contains the shell.
the plant is right of the bench.the bench is to the left of the plant.
the tin contains the ring because the ring is inside it.
the picture is above the rug.the rug is below the picture.
the chair is above the shelf.the shelf is below the chair.
the tin contains the coin because the coin is inside it.
the chair is above the table.the table is below the chair.
the shelf is above the bed.the bed is below the shelf.
the sofa is right of the chair.the chair is to the left of the sofa.
the clock is beside the fan.the fan is beside the clock.
the crate contains the key because the key is inside it.
the purse contains the stone because the stone is inside it.
the bed is right of the chair.the chair is to the left of the bed.
the shelf is above the window.the window is below the shelf.
the clock is above the mirror.the mirror is below the clock.
the toy is inside the jar.the jar contains the toy.
the bridge is south of the school.the school is to the north of the bridge.
the bridge is north of the park.the park is to the south of the bridge.
the school is north of the station.the station is to the south of the school.
the farm is north of the market.the market is to the south of the farm.
the market is north of the school.the school is to the south of the market.
the picture is above the mirror.the mirror is below the picture.
the park is north of the river.the river is to the south of the park.
the table is beside the picture.the picture is beside the table.
the farm is south of the school.the school is to the north of the farm.
the bench is left of the piano.the piano is to the right of the bench.
the toy is inside the bowl.the bowl contains the toy.
the sofa is right of the clock.the clock is to the left of the sofa.
the clock is above the window.the window is below the clock.
the river is north of the station.the station is to the south of the river.
the chair is left of the stool.the stool is to the right of the chair.
the school is north of the park.the park is to the south of the school.
the rug is beside the bed.the bed is beside the rug.
the bench is right of the sofa.the sofa is to the left of the bench.
the coin is inside the basket.the basket contains the coin.
the rug is above the bed.the bed is below the rug.
she put the bag beside the chair .
the bed is above the picture.the picture is below the bed.
the bucket contains the pen because the pen is inside it.
the bed is right of the sofa.the sofa is to the left of the bed.
the window is above the chair.the chair is below the window.
the park is south of the station.the station is to the north of the park.
the bowl contains the pen because the pen is inside it.
the shelf is beside the clock.the clock is beside the shelf.
the sofa is right of the plant.the plant is to the left of the sofa.
the market is south of the bridge.the bridge is to the north of the market.
the table is left of the piano.the piano is to the right of the table.
the mirror is beside the bed.the bed is beside the mirror.
the pen is inside the bowl.the bowl contains the pen.
the chair is right of the plant.the plant is to the left of the chair.
the picture is above the fan.the fan is below the picture.
the market is north of the farm.the farm is to the south of the market.
the station is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the station.
the shelf is above the fan.the fan is below the shelf.
the window is beside the mirror.the mirror is beside the window.
the tent is right of the stool.the stool is to the left of the tent.
the window is beside the rug.the rug is beside the window.
the chair is above the window.the window is below the chair.
the bed is beside the clock.the clock is beside the bed.
the clock is above the chair.the chair is below the clock.
the stool is right of the tent.the tent is to the left of the stool.
the farm is north of the station.the station is to the south of the farm.
the market is south of the farm.the farm is to the north of the market.
the chair is above the bed.the bed is below the chair.
the coin is inside the crate.the crate contains the coin.
the shelf is beside the chair.the chair is beside the shelf.
the park is north of the school.the school is to the south of the park.
the clock is left of the tent.the tent is to the right of the clock.
the hill is south of the station.the station is to the north of the hill.
the market is north of the park.the park is to the south of the market.
the plant is right of the stool.the stool is to the left of the plant.
the drawer contains the pen because the pen is inside it.
the hill is south of the school.the school is to the north of the hill.
the farm is south of the river.the river is to the north of the farm.
the station is south of the market.the market is to the north of the station.
the shelf is above the picture.the picture is below the shelf.
the market is south of the school.the school is to the north of the market.
the clock is right of the bench.the bench is to the left of the clock.
the school is north of the farm.the farm is to the south of the school.
the plant is left of the bench.the bench is to the right of the plant.
the station is south of the hill.the hill is to the north of the station.
the chair is beside the rug.the rug is beside the chair.
the bowl contains the key because the key is inside it.
the pocket contains the pen because the pen is inside it.
the farm is south of the park.the park is to the north of the farm.
the bench is right of the bed.the bed is to the left of the bench.
the key is inside the pocket.the pocket contains the key.
the farm is north of the park.the park is to the south of the farm.
the chair is beside the picture.the picture is beside the chair.
the table is right of the clock.the clock is to the left of the table.
the picture is beside the fan.the fan is beside the picture.
the fan is above the shelf.the shelf is below the fan.
the window is beside the bed.the bed is beside the window.
the ball is inside the bucket.the bucket contains the ball.
the shell is inside the purse.the purse contains the shell.
the toy is inside the pocket.the pocket contains the toy.
the window is above the shelf.the shelf is below the window.
the farm is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the farm.
the fan is above the clock.the clock is below the fan.
the chair is above the fan.the fan is below the chair.
the picture is above the clock.the clock is below the picture.
the plant is left of the bed.the bed is to the right of the plant.
the chair is beside the bed.the bed is beside the chair.
the shelf is above the table.the table is below the shelf.
the clock is right of the sofa.the sofa is to the left of the clock.
the chair is right of the clock.the clock is to the left of the chair.
the stool is left of the tent.the tent is to the right of the stool.
the sofa is left of the table.the table is to the right of the sofa.
the market is north of the hill.the hill is to the south of the market.
the ring is inside the envelope.the envelope contains the ring.
the shell is inside the basket.the basket contains the shell.
the chair is left of the sofa.the sofa is to the right of the chair.
the station is south of the park.the park is to the north of the station.
